what's up kid diaz hey javi oliveira
ún how are you family well
I hope you're having a
spectacular weekend I'm not going to go on too
much in this video with the intro they
simply warned that in the
last few days well specifically in the
last few hours above all they've been studying
a lot a controversy between the youtube erp
and pepino the youtuber drake out and the ub I
had the same one would be the
protagonist of the story and these two
would be a bit of the pagafantas with all
the love in the world because I don't dislike him you
already know now I'll explain a
little bit and to get into context peronism
I don't like him and with them two well I follow each other
on social networks not that I know them
much start my colleagues but well more
or less we follow each other on networks and we have
a cordiality or something good we have never
gotten into each other and
really what I've done with each
of the parties has been to talk
directly inform myself and ask my
doubts and I have been able to draw a conclusion
from all this that is happening more than
anything what has happened is that he himself has
started to whine  in this tweet that you
're seeing on screen because pipe
pino who always treats her very well
has made a video that really
has nothing wrong with the video and what she
's complaining about in this tweet
literally from the title of the thumbnail
and the sensationalism that happens to me
kids I'm javier and beira
welcome one more day to my channel if you didn't
know me this is a gossip channel
where you will find out about all the
controversies in the world of the internet, in the
world of television and I invite you to
subscribe if you don't kids
well in fact I don't invite you it's
mandatory the video cuts out it
stops playing the video if you haven't
subscribed
see I've told you the video cuts out you have to
subscribe mandatory
last few days precisely I was also
mentioning pipe pino from drake we have
talked on some occasions but on my
secondary channel because we reacted to
a video he made against turbo
plan 3 or literally I have nothing
against you you already know that he treated you well by
md and in fact you have sent me information
for this video but you are a little bit  if you
are with all my love I tell you that I
have nothing against you but you are
a little without spirit regarding pipe pino
because we have mentioned him on the last
occasions because he has been
indirectly involved in some other
controversy specifically the mentions in the
video that I made of louis sardo and dallas
which is a wonderful video I
recommend it will be here or here
or somewhere in these parts and the thing is that I have
always considered since I have
seen them interact on some occasion and since they
make the same type of video and in
fact it is one they take and plan things
for each other I have always
considered that he belonged to the little group of
the galera del güichardo and of these in your
chair but according to what pipe pino himself clarified to me well
no it has nothing to do
with simply according to what he tells me they have
spoken on three or four occasions
also for the subject that I mentioned
in the last video in this video that I
made of luís sardo and dallas it was because of the
fact that between one and the other it seems
that they took the information that this
has nothing bad the problem that they
had  these people is that one
informed them or gave
manipulated or erroneous information voluntarily or
involuntarily and the other who came
behind repeated the same misinformation
in addition the people who have a lot of
visits and if I tell you this in a
healthy way healthy envy but when you have
a lot of visits damn take advantage and inform
people well try hard wind made a
video titled rose discriminates against me I
want to know and in this video and accused
the blond of discriminating against her and not inviting her to
his tournament not because her public persona
was not the best but rather because she
used cleavage if that was the argument she
used this video has 700 thousand
views she is telling her
followers 700,000 people that wind and
made a video throwing [ __ ] at the blond
because he discriminated against her from a tournament for
wearing cleavage
you can check what I am
talking about more specifically in that video
but for example one corrects himself he said that
wind had already said that she liked
vegetables and the other two came
running he repeated it when maybe
wind and really what he liked was
strawberry ice cream and other
controversies  most famous in which
pipe pino has been involved in which
both he and louis ardo defended themselves
like [ __ ] ass fourth turbo escapes
fifth left the debate with javi
oliveira
but if he doesn't even know what he's
talking about like I left the debate
with javi oliveira so I doubt you even
know who javi oliveira is
really I doubt it I didn't leave the
debate with hub and oliveira I had a
debate with hub and oliveira and then
hub and oliveira got dallas exactly on
what planet does this kid live in a
pathetic way and it's that they screwed up in
fact I've spoken to him and I've
asked him of course about this issue
and he told me that he has thoughts of
coming out to apologize because he fell into the
trap and took the wrong thing and
screwed up and the thing is that turbo plan exposed him and
made a video for promoting alongside
louis ardo an instagram that is false that
was a fictional character that didn't exist
called maria sanz who right now has
almost 70 thousand followers but in  his day
paying these youtubers well I'm a
few more he reached almost
22 million followers in install and they took
down his account because it smells like a
scam that you flip out and it was the typical
this fake account that smells from miles away
that it is a scam and is in charge of
interpreting a person who has
become
rich with trading without understanding
trading and today he is his own boss
lisardo pipe pino la galera that la
galera is a repulsive guy the little
group is a gem with pipe pino he is
the only one I follow on twitter
I have a cordial relationship with him but
sincerely I tell this whole little group
that you have to have some
elephant balls or rather some
elephant balls to call dallas a scammer
over this index issue that we're going to
let the month pass let's see where it
comes out when you were exposed
by the [ __ ] turbo plan because it's
annoying your followers promotion to
you it's a pyramid scam that he was
absolutely a [ __ ] sky I already told you I
asked him about this
march issue saying that  she's thinking of
coming out and showing her face, regretting it, and I don't
know how to give it to the video if you want me to
propose an interview or chat about it
live and for her to give us an explanation in
the last two months cucumbers made
these two videos encouragement that for her I
imagine that this must be too much in
fact capable and she considers it harassment I
say this because I had a disagreement with
her well specifically a disagreement I've
never had I think she's a
[ __ ] hypocrite for several reasons that I'm going
to point out to you by the way I've put it in
context with the other two because with her I
also put it after Jordi
Wild said that she sexualized her avatar like
her avatar was an attraction for farts
for farts she got angry with this
but since it was Jordi Wild and she wanted to
grovel so that I would invite her to her
podcast, well she kind of sucked up to her
no and then she also groveled
with Ibai so that the guest at the
evening put it in all the commitment
in front of the entire internet the thing is
that recently Orlok Abi's ex tried to
make me some kind of cover  on twitter
because I had made like four or
five videos over the course of a year
manipulating a screenshot as
if the videos were following each other which would
n't be a problem if they were but
the funny thing is that each video was from
a different month I think that some videos
at most coincided with the week and the
payment tried to cancel me as if I was
making a lot of videos of her well here
is the tweet no hey javi oliveira
can you leave me alone sir you are 40
years old stop talking about other people's lives to
scrape together three euros anyway not a word did she
give this disgusting tweet online made that
shitty tweets so
what I'm telling you for these and other
issues that you can find on my
channels at least it falls on me like a
leg I hate it the first video is
called ni mu's worst mistake and it's
basically talking about this controversy
that happened when by accident even while
making a url his face was seen you
know that virtue is seeing and this one
that recognizing it is virtue seeing
number one at least in Latin America the
biggest if you are youth  see
well you can't do and rl in theory but
well it wasn't just him and rl
but also the multi account is that
a tick tock came out where encouragement well
calmly made content with his
face with his body and with his
real identity and then we have the current video which
is this not the terrible truth denim or the
terrible truth denim or basically
making a small compilation of
all the controversies they have had same
but the truth is that I have seen the
video of course the seen that there was a
fuss it is seen that he himself had
complained on twitter and I have also seen
the threads that drake court has made about
this video complaining about this video and I
said let's see I'm going to see it and I'm going to
talk about it sincerely the video has
some errors that we are going to comment on in
this one but not to throw your hands
on your head I don't know or that it was dani
vital making up news how have you been
being good I think you all know what
a v is you see or saw your see
forgive me you know that I'm a bit of a hick
a tuber v saw your see is a streamer
or youtuber who does not really show their
face on camera but  uses an
animated avatar normally
using a program that has a kind
of artificial intelligence that reads your
facial movements and
body movements to translate
this into an animated character but that I don't
appear on camera okay
therefore people don't know what face I have
as I am and they would miss a lot okay let's
see well I think that I think that this
is the closest thing to a vtv that I
could get but well to
give you an idea okay imagine that
all my videos were 5
what's up wasteland beast I am the hub johnny
veira a
specific debate this vtv is usually involved in
quite a bit of controversy voluntarily
although then it plays the victim like the one
who didn't want to get involved and so on it is usually involved
in controversy quite
voluntarily and even on some
occasions I have seen it supporting tweets
where they wish youtuber to
lose their channel of memory so doing
a review of some of the controversies
that they have had and cancellations and things
that have made their fans angry for
example when she had saipe 'not for
a week announcing her olyphant
creating quite a bit of expectation and then she
did a live with  100,000 viewers
and it was a complete hoax she had laughed
at everyone and said she was a troll she edited
in reality she would never admit to uploading anything
or fans and then she threw out this tweet in which
a lot fell in the 20 it was
beautiful I put this for this first she began to
justify herself and then she ended up
apologizing and well as mentioned a
few minutes ago putting Jordi Wild in a difficult position
and there she goes crawling to
obtain a collaboration with them which to
me personally is the most regrettable I already
told you that it was on her part towards
Jordi Wild Jordi White had messed
with her insinuating something very ugly
but well that's how things are with the
numbers which by the way after
many people criticized her for having
put in the commitment because these are not
the ways to ask someone to
invite you for anything she also ended up apologizing
on this subject really most of
the controversies of mood are usually
quite the same she puts the prawn or
throws [ __ ] and if the move goes wrong
and she cancels it then she comes out to
apologize if not then she plays the
victim to her followers  they start saying
things like poor thing cheer up and creating a
kind of feeling of guilt
in which in the end the people who
criticize her seem like they have to
apologize to her and it doesn't matter it's fine that she
apologized and the whole thing
what happens is that you're trying to tell me
that I apologized and as I also told you
a few minutes ago I have my
cross on her since the moment she
started supporting tweets canceling me
for the content that I make the same one has
been giving light to this
same tweet when jordi wild messes with you
and tells you that your doll is an attraction
for farts you get
hardy and ordino don't tell me that jordi
well but you are jordi be this unite
and now share a tweet in which they
are literally telling me that I can't
have a salt channel I know or because I am
40 years old that is yourself and then jordi
gual who has the same of that in
fact is a year older than me jordi or
months older than me and has a salt channel it is
done exactly the same as mine in
that channel not only does it have salt  he
inaga above you or without form of the
salseros and says the things that will give him he
says that your avatar is an attraction for
farts and you cheer up since jordi wild is
famous and is progressive well react to
jordi no don't tell me that well I
forgive you and now as I do not have the
support to lidades he gives diffusion to this
hypocritical tweet cheer up by the way every
time we talk about this
absurd and ridiculous people come to tell me to throw
in my face that jordi wild does not have a
salsa channel or jordi gual has a
sauce channel or almost exactly the same as
javier canijo may have here you have a
video okay on my main channel where I
calmly expose with details like
jordi's channel is a salsa channel
exactly the same as ours only
on some occasions it deals with
more serious topics but come on if you're
going to start being my little daughter nobody
likes this type of content it depends on
how they are with them and it depends on what is
said about her himself gave an
interview to the lukewarm guy
now tell me that he does not have a channel
like  mine uncle ti saw the
pipe pino video begins with one of the
first controversies of ni mu we have to go
back to September 3, 2020
when he had a move with a v
you see that was just starting the
strings called at that time he reads it
but that now it is better known because it has
grown quite a bit with the name of the show and
surely all of you who are watching
this video or have come to this video
because you are interested in youth verbs
the beavers know who I'm
talking about she was on facebook on her
channel she reads it she reads it I
love the name she was starting
in her goal of making string on
facebook was at that time trying to
monetize enough to be able to
pay for a degree at the university she
started taking an avatar that she thought
was standard and that she had seen
several youtubers use that extreme avant this
is no excuse to inform you,
inform yourself of whether or not they can monetize or
profit or take over for your string of
avatars that come as default
or you can buy in an application but I
understand that it is a hazing that
can happen to anyone as if  for
example they come to scold me for the
banana that I have used that has
that filter there in the program that I
use and suddenly the owner comes to me and
tells me that he does not give permission to make
videos with that filter okay or so it is due to
ignorance many times it
happens he started taking an avatar that he thought
was standard and that he had seen
several people use I saw you see that they released he did not
have money to send one to be one it
began to become popular quite quickly
and in just a few days he already had a
little more than 100 lives in each live
something that is completely incredible I
know people who have been trying for years and years
and who do not go beyond 20
viewers one day suddenly she came
to his chat and accused him that his character
was a copy that looked too much like
hers and that it was not original
that she knew the creator of the same and that she
was warning him that he could get into
trouble because its commercial use was not allowed
of what you are using you are using it
without her permission
for personal use only ok now
the bard is on ok look cheer up look cheer up
I got it from the workshop  and I
'm not copying anyone, I mean, I can
delete all the content
that I have from her and I wanted to record
two, I mean, I just wanted to have a good time
because something is wrong, I'm
just sorry teacher this
live is going to be deleted like all the
other live shows that deus in this
character and I listen to him, we encourage you because he
himself, I suppose he's
right, I'm going to try to make my
own character and not bother anyone
[Music]
and surely almost all of you know this
controversy, this controversy, I think it's the
typical controversy that will haunt Mood
for life and everyone will
always remember it, the thing is that the
mistake here as a child was more than anything the
way it was in a quite
arrogant, quite overbearing way, my avatar
is not made in avatar creator, I paid the
artist to have it as
she should have done instead of using it without permission,
the program she uses so anyone can use it
but the character is created
by an independent artist and it is not
made to be used for this purpose,
besides this, the thing was that it
was not only the message and the way
of saying it as such but as you have
seen in the clip, the girl also
protest or contradict him on the
contrary running he said oh
well that was a mistake right now
I didn't want to hurt anyone or do
anything wrong right now he deleted the live
cut it and deleted everything I've done
with this avatar and encouragement on his
social networks and on his album with his
followers well and I treating the girl
badly and humiliatingly on top of that my
followers and they're going to tell her that she was a
copy of me and those who were there said that we
were a fan where the [ __ ] just for
going to tell her that way dude if you use a
character very similar to that of the
most famous ub your ver in Latin America I don't know
what you expected with what he didn't count on
encouragement in this controversy going from finger
inquisitors that her own followers were
going to turn on her for the way
in which she had treated the girl and to
communicate to her what she had to
communicate and also and with those airs of
greatness of the biggest ub tuber in
Latin America she encouraged herself when she saw that her fan
don was attacking her and that her own
people were protesting against her she
came out to say that she was simply
warning her  to avoid any problems because I
already knew of cases where other people had
had problems with this and wanted to
avoid them for the girl it didn't take
long for the creator of the avatar and
the designer to be spammed and fairies by
all the followers of encouragement the author
confirmed that neither was right even if
the avatars were property of the
program with which they are created in the
character design they had copy and the
creator did not authorize the use for commercial purposes
string or donations the question is that it
was not entirely like that as much as she was the
creator I think that rather what
happened is that when you have the avatar placed
in an application it is because they are
paying you for it because your avatar or your
character is in that application and
especially if that application has
paid versions but well for this I do not put my
hand in the fire but I think that
rather what happened with that avatar and the
permissions was something more similar to what
pepino tells in this video that has been
deleted or it was one created by
live 2 of content an article from the
facebook workshop which is a
software that allows you to
personify a 2d character through the camera or
3d that you want although in the description
the creator of this model clarifies that
commercial use of it is prohibited
the girl asked if she could use it
to broadcast live and the author
replied that in addition to this it was from
networks it has three versions the classic the
pro and the studio version and clarify their
terms and conditions that if you have the
classic version you can do these
same live broadcasts without problems as long
as it does not generate more than 500 dollars a
month in donations and ads so it would not
be breaking any rules
I think it would rather be something like that
but well I tell you okay it cannot be
used but the way was bad I will
also be putting on screen
the response from amac or complaints or wii in
this translated screenshot and
this would be a cucumber error in
the video that pepino made in his video
from a couple of days ago about the same thing since he
said that the author had nothing
wrong with using his model for string or
commercial purposes which contradicts
the two statements from the author that we
just saw in which it clearly
indicates that if he had problems with them being
used for that purpose he did  a
very long facebook post explaining her
situation in which she basically says that she
only warned her to be careful because
her people had copyright and that
although the model could be downloaded for
free from the workshop
testing, its creator did not allow us to
use it for commercial purposes, however, at this
time she was not very reiterated and few
trusted her word so
some people decided to contact
the original creator to
ask her what she thought about all this and
in response she said that there was nothing
wrong with using her models for streams or for
commercial purposes that anyway she
created it as a hobby and had published it for
free on the internet herself, she came across
as a liar this would be the
biggest mistake I see in the video really
if you read the screenshots and translate the
girls from you and at no time is she
saying the word for string and for
commercial use she is saying there is no
problem with using it in her model for
string okay but she did have a problem
as we have seen in the previous screenshots that they
use it commercially to
earn money to earn more than 500 euros
a month for commercial purposes that
anyway she created it as a hobby and had
published it for free on the internet  same one
was left as a liar no one
was left as a liar because she was
right the only thing she did was in an
arrogant arrogant way and in a very
stupid way but well as I was
telling you previously and it is that it
fails us the controversies of these girls
are always the same as all the people
jumped on her for the ways she
had with this streamer so little well
in the end she ended up apologizing
in a Facebook post and in several places
apologizing completely with software
before anything else I would like
because if we already spoke with her in
private and everything is fine but it was totally
necessary to do it because I behave
horribly I behaved in an
immature way and reinforces the place I behaved
like nobody should behave that this is it is
simply that my attitudes
were disgusting yes I understand I understand
perfectly that I made a mistake
and I wanted it was very but very very wrong very
bad I personally would dare to
say that if her own fans
had not smoked it these apologies would not
exist the solution on the part of
encouragement apart from the apologies was to
approach the show and become more or less
good friend or have a
cordial relationship with her and this is how it
ended  with the cancellation drake with a
youtube well he's a youtuber that i
know we've reacted to some of
his videos on some occasions on the
secondary channel and he's known among other
things lately for defending courage and
youth see in a move they
had well a move they had
against turbo plan for a video that he
himself made turbo plan stirring the
hornet's nest from time to time and this same
youtuber drake with the last few hours
has been quite angry with
pipe pino for this video that has made him
encouragement as I tell you I have seen the
full video and I don't watch the video
at all he's barely even giving his
opinion he's mostly telling
things objectively and as they were he makes
some mistakes like the ones I've shown you
but nothing but balls in the
first four minutes of the video they are throwing
garbage at him for his first controversy
which pipe at the time had to
apologize for misinformation and then
takes advantage and throws it for the cali thing it's
been almost two years since all that if you watch
pipe pino's video so the
first four minutes are about that
subject but it doesn't tell anything that is a lie
I have the video  in secret that
pipe pino deletes and I have no [ __ ] idea
why he saves this video this video is
perfectly fine it tells things as is
basically the account almost the same
as in that video, that is, it shows the clicks
the screenshots the
screenshots are not fake he gives his opinion a little look, he shows it
shows some of
the statements Christianity at that
time and the worst thing I see is that he says
in the video that he feels like
insulting her because of how she has behaved
with this tiny streamer but chin
pop, I mean nothing could be further from the truth
in fact he says that he feels like
insulting her but that he doesn't insult her it
reminds me a bit of the mythical
dallas click no dt can insult me ​​it makes me want to
enjoy it to us I already know what it is I
know what it is because Troy of [ __ ] what
did you also launch that it makes me want to
insult you he can release you I mean at the
time two years ago I also
swallowed the capture face to defamation that
the people around him did, that's why
later when we found out we rectified pee
included and released a video about it
but two years later the thing is the
same  this was the one that pipe deleted there are
thousands of topics to talk about stop
attacking the same one with topics for which
you already apologize at the time I clarify it
when I saw this knowing a little of the
context that I had about luis sardon
la galera and these people I do not say it is already
taken information from another video
information that does not exist and told his
balls he has published again but it is that I have
really seen the video hidden or
rather I have it I have the video hidden I
have downloaded it and it does not say anything false in
fact that about a false capture in the
video it only shows two captures and
two clips everything else he giving his
opinion and commenting on the play as it
happened and the captures are not false
the animator herself accepted them publicly
so I personally can
guarantee that the captures of that
cancellation and that move that there was with
care no they are not false they are real
people are turning against me because of
the matter of a girl who started
streaming with a is very similar to mine
and the truth mayweather stupid my
donkey
this is capturing a crisis because
really it has nothing to do with my
personality  type type you see when you
're soaked oar domón and type
really angry I have no [ __ ]
idea why pipe pino deleted that
video I imagine because he was
more interested in getting along with mimo or
something like that because then and we
'll see now he had them simple
walking and I think like a kind of yeah a
little weird for my taste now
I'll show it and then the other controversy that
mentions drake or at the end of the first
tweet the thing about cali is another controversy
that he got into unintentionally even without
any bad intentions and it was a
v you see that the string was crying
because he was going through a bad
time and basically with all the good
intentions in the world he sent it to his
people he did like a raid to show her
love and it turned out that that v tuber
well didn't want anyone to raid her
and that no one would promote her because she didn't
want to grow with anyone's help but of
course this was something that no one
knew and she didn't do it with any bad
intentions the truth is I say it
despite the fact but things are the way they are
right now I can't do anything and I
think the least I can  to do for
her is to warn you guys to go
give them strength
to what I understand and she doesn't want to be
popular anymore because they recommend her but on her
own merit she doesn't want them to do that she does
n't like that there are
recommendations she says she doesn't want support from
followers from another place she says
777 doesn't have her page let it not be her page
no no no I tell her not to put it on and they
tell me she had to dare to we had to at
least again she screwed up not even a model it
's something else I'm a minor and ruining the
truth itself I didn't know anything I didn't know
anything
and also if I was
wrong I knew that I didn't want to
help the
[ __ ] mother
anything I do is wrong anything I
do is wrong
really anything
[Music]
and well really watching the
cucumber video that they put little deal he doesn't say
anything bad and he tells it like it is supporting
encouragement time passed and he continued with
his career although it wouldn't take long to get
into other more serious controversies that would
earn him the hatred of a large part of the
community but well before continuing
multiple and useful and if you like the video
subscribe I can see who is
and  who doesn't so homework responding
to everyone who is subscribed and
comments on the video
thank you very much and now let's continue
in a few months this
controversy was due to an accident and received a
lot of hate you see it turns out that it's a
habit to see you beloved cali was having
a bad day and while she was telling what
happened to her she started to cry in streaming no
one noticed and wanting to help she sent
her followers to give her
messages of support so she would feel
better something that is not bad at all
right because for some people it seems like a
gesture of bad taste since apparently
cali always repeats that she does not want to
receive help from others influences
bigger than her to grow in reality
none of them said to subscribe to her or
anything just to show her support in her
moment of sadness but anyway the fact
is that people took advantage of this to
throw even more hate at her encouragement whether it is true or
not that cali does not want to help him
good luck there is no point in insulting him
for something he did not know and that in the same
way it is still a gesture of good faith I
say in this I do not agree with
drake court made this video
apologizing in case  had reached
some kind of hate and asking her
followers not to insult her and that
people will not do and from here on,
cucumber became a kind of
denim theme even appearing
in some of this girl's strings without it
being literally simple I'm walking
[Laughter]
the
pp Japan thousand 97 well pipe I
would like to bring any good since
taxes are quite low currently
charged 500 thousand dollars before and they could
carry the 10 percent visual and to the
state thank you very much
[Music]
and it
has not been possible to see that this cucumber
has some somewhat strange tastes I don't know
if it will be some kind of joke or humor
that he has with his followers but I don't know
what you all think about this clip
that I'm going to put you in which it seems that I do
n't know is that it is very murky
let's be with a format character
or it is provoking me it is provoking me
that it is provoking enough enough ok
ok this is clearly 18 look at the
movement and look how it provokes you with the
movement it will turn at any
moment turn at any moment turn
[ __ ] turn turn it is provoking me  it's not
spinning I do
n't understand what kind of person can
make this kind of comment with
dolls of the format but well youtubers
and their world is not bad at all, not everyone
is in the room with what they want and well
the truth is that pipe pino has been
a little affected, he says he doesn't understand
why his videos get hated and
why people complain about his videos
when literally his videos are usually
informative basically releasing
gossip and information as is without
going into many nuances and any kind
of opinion, like for example there may be a
certain king of salsa but I don't think he
has a community of haters friends a
lot of times he insults me and they tell me well
but normal are his criticisms but it's
like type type because it's not like
javi oliveira label or some youtuber of
salt or that he can get hate because he
gives completely different opinions I
don't give almost no opinion in the videos it's
like I simply tell the case and
say wow this is wrong and I leave it's like
the subject we come to me or not even in
uploading the people who have laughed at the
subject was like this happened people do not
insult encouragement  and that's all I
said on the subject of how not and not my
opinion then I don't understand why
my opinions can generate haters so
nothing before generating hate and hater
as he says then he decided to delete the
video a very lukewarm cucumber and nothing with
family over here the video I wanted to give my
opinion and the reality a
real perspective of what has happened in train and movie
pepino and drake court I think they live vino
has committed some series of mistakes
throughout his career as we have
all surely been able to commit but
well I am very interested in your
opinion will be reading in the
comments box what you think who
are you with do you support drake code support up and
pepino if you like encouragement or like I
subscribe give me like give me a kiss on
the mouth and see you in the next
video hug family